

- Introduction
* In financial sector
Most of the people are cheaters.
Most of them will come to cheat you.
* One mistake is sufficient to crumble whole life.
* Any householder spents maximum time to earn money and
thinking for money.
* Mature devotee :
Who has to think of money.
Think in such a way, that Krishna consciousness is not get
hampered.
* Take this session seriously
* Convinced that they can retire from household life 
financially after 20 years permanently from working.
And give 100% to consciousness. Not for sense
gratification.

- Session details
* Divided into 3
* 1st - We are here to see to it that we plan our life in such a way
that whatever is our capacity and ability, we want to get adjusted
with that and want to have peaceful and 
successful Krishna consciousness life.
Managing 5-6 Parameters.
This session will only work when these parameters are taken care nicely.
* 2nd - Whatever the eventuality that will be happening in life or
that fear that will be in life (death, accident, natural disaster, 
emergency money). All precautions are properly taken care of.
So, to have peaceful Krishna consciousness life.
* 3rd - Plan in such a way that after taking all the precautions,
how to see to it, that you earn substantially well in a proper way,
so that a very nice corpus has been developed within 20 years, and
you can retire permanently and give 100% time to Krishna 
consciousness and go back to godhead.
> Most important.

-----------------------------------------

Session 1 : Take proper precautions

- Take proper precautions
* Understand importance of financial planning.
* Ideal grihasth life.
Before entering grihasth life, plan vanprasth life.

- 5-6 required things
* 1st : Simple living and high thinking.
* 2nd : Not to get carried awa (chaddar jitna per felana).
* 3rd : Not take any loans (Most Important)
> 90% of people taking loans, their life is ruined.
> Majority of people take loan to buy flat.
Married at 25, then normally at 30 take loan, 
to buy 1 bhk flat (50lakh) (10 lakh savings + 40 lakh loans),
emi will be 40k per month for 20 years, requires 1 lakh per month 
salary. Slowly becoming old, chilren will be born, expenses will
increase, salary increment will be taken by children and
family members, at the age of 50 years person hardly makes any saving,
only loans are completed. Now, children are grown up, working stamina
goes down, pressure increases as there is no saving. Tension for
children's marriage and study. Saving made during 50-60 age goes into
children's marriage or career. At 60's age retirement you have nothing.
This happens in 90% cases. Son get's married and daughter in law 
comes in home. Daughter in law knows that you have nothing but only home.
Son says should I work like you his whole life and give this home to me.
Know person can't sell home and go to village. Person has worked with
high pay. But at age of 60 he is at mercy of his son and daughter in law.
His wife also has to be mercy of daughter in law. Because he has no
money at age of 60. Now he spents his life begging at old age and dies
like this. This happens due to loan taken at age of 30 years of age.
> So, don't take loan, live at rented house, if regular shifting required
then do shifting.
> If your focus of Krishna consciousness is very clear, there is no 
problem to advance financially very nicely.
> But if focus is not clear, you will always be bewildered.
> 90% cases are observerd are ruined, all of them had good pay.
* 4th : No big dreams


Completed till : 45:00

